Been back for two days
Kind of like an old man
When will you go back?
Don't worry. I've only been back for two days.
Mom, do you think I'm annoying?
Look at what you kid is talking about
Miss you little bitch
You seduced my son
They put him in the infirmary.
I told you this time you have to kowtow and apologize
I also need to compensate my son for his hospital expenses and nutrition expenses.
Mental damage fee
Nian Nian, what's going on?
It's okay mom
You take good care of Yaoyao
Who are you?
Who is your son?
My son is Li Mingjun.
He's such a nice guy
If I hadn't been seduced by you
He won't be injured and hospitalized now
What nonsense are you talking about?
I'm crazy.
I would like a servant who works in my house
And
Don't you have any idea what your son looks like?
I'm just as blind as I can't look down on him.
Ok you little bitch
He hurt my son and still refuses to admit it.
This time I must teach you a lesson
Let you know that you can't be rude in front of men casually
Smash it all for me
I'll see who does it
What are you all staring at?
What kind of storm can a little bitch set off?
Smash it for me, what's the matter, I'm waiting
Smash me
Stop it! Stop it!
Open me up
Mom is ok
Take care of Yaoyao
Yaoyao
Roll can't roll
Stop me